README.md, before:

-------------DEVS-------------

To run both server & web:
``` make dev ```


TASKS (ordered by priority):
- Regression tests
- Add more chart interactions
   - list of drawing objects

Requirements
- Get a better drawing system (provide more tool options)
   - The drawing system can be greatly improved. fork LWC and extend to drag drawings and their control points.

PROBLEM DISCOVERY:
- Issues on mobile (Connections are established but deltas are not visibly updating the state (indexdb issue))




# 📈 CoChart - Collaborative Financial Charting Platform

<div align="center">

![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![WebSocket](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebSocket-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

*A real-time collaborative financial charting platform with advanced drawing tools and live market data*

</div>

Commit message:

added drawing drag logic + forked charting library

README.md, after:

-------------DEVS-------------

To run both server & web:
``` make dev ```


TASKS (ordered by priority):
- Regression tests
- Add more chart interactions
   - list of drawing objects

Requirements
- Get a better drawing system (provide more tool options)
   - The drawing system can be greatly improved. fork LWC and extend to drag drawings and their control points.
   - FORKED! Now working to improve the drawing system internally rather than do workarounds

PROBLEM DISCOVERY:
- Issues on mobile (Connections are established but deltas are not visibly updating the state (indexdb issue))




# 📈 CoChart - Collaborative Financial Charting Platform

<div align="center">

![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![WebSocket](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebSocket-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

*A real-time collaborative financial charting platform with advanced drawing tools and live market data*

</div>
